{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Updates:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f1\fs22 \cf0 UPDATE\
7th December 2012\

\b0 Nearly Chrimbo now\'85 Joined the Internet justice league, and added banner to home page.\

\f0\b\fs46 \

\f1\fs22 UPDATE\
15 August 2012
\b0 \
While prototyping the VIP lounge I found a better nag system. See the new global Navigation bar now! VIP lounge not far away!
\b \
\
UPDATE\
02 August 2012
\b0 \
All of the site has been removed and replaced with hand code! :D VIP lounge not accessibly yet. 
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f1\b\fs22 \cf0 UPDATE\
30 July 2012
\b0 \
See my RADIO and social pages! Also hand code!
\b \
\
UPDATE\
24 July 2012
\b0 \
New logo, new look, completely hand code! See the home page now!
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 UPDATE\ulnone \
24 June 2012
\b0 \
tobyfox.co.uk has finally gone handcode! Well, some of it atleast... \strike \strikec0 Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tobyfox.co.uk/tobyfield"}}{\fldrslt this website}} now\strike0\striked0 , which was entirely done in code by me! Hope you enjoy!!\
Eventually the whole tobyfox.co.uk site will make a transition into handcode. Soon!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 27 May 2012
\b0 \
-WATCH THIS SPACE- Handcoded HTML test website 'Tobyfield school' coming soon...\
-Fixes for the site inc. the rename of PetBay to 'Animal Bay' due to a complaint.\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 03 Nov 2011
\b0 \
-Compatability with a software update\
-NEW!!! Lightboxes and scrolling panels!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 26 Oct 2011
\b0 \
-ASOLUTE, COMPLETE redesign of the VIP Lounge\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 25 Oct 2011
\b0 \
-ASOLUTE, COMPLETE redesign of the website\
-New animated me on home page\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 22 Sept 2011
\b0 \
-Bug fixes and added functions\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 01 Sept 2011
\b0 \
-New, redone layout featuring new book anchor layout!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 24 Jul 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!! Toby Fox RADIO episode\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 20 Jul 2011
\b0 \
-Updated the chat box in my VIP lounge!\
-NEW!! Toby Fox RADIO episode\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 10 Jul 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Chat box, so don't pretend to be me again!\
-NEW!! Toby Fox RADIO episode\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 01 Jul 2011
\b0 \
New site update is complete!\
-NEW!!! Site layout\
-NEW!! Toby Fox RADIO episode\
\'a0\
-my website is no-longer banned at school! I gues that's what full updates do!-\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 26 June 2011
\b0 \
--Massive complete site re-design coming soon! Only got some web work, HTML, Javascript, and flash animation to go! not long now! ...Hopefully...--\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 12 May 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Polished the new layout up a bit\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 05 May 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Complete site redesign.\
-NEW!!! Radio page layout, includes new inline MP3 player to listen to latest podcasts!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 02 May 2011
\b0 \
NEW!!! Podcast- Episode 14- Big and little Toby return.\
NEW!!! RADIO RSS feed which has been submitted to apple for approval to be on the iTunes music store\
\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 23 Apr 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Podcast: World tour pt. 5- i'm in Antarctica\
-Updated WT map on radio page\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 12 Apr 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Toby Fox RADIO podcast: World Tour (pt 4)- im in China\
-Updated the world tour map\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 08 Apr 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Toby Fox RADIO episode- Word tour part 3 and i'm in the Congo!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 04 Apr 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Toby Fox TV is now live!!!!\
-NEW!!! Toby Fox TV episode 1 out now!!!\
-NEW!!! Toby Fox TV logo's on my site\
-NEW!!! Quote of the month\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 31 Mar 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Background style, Nice!\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 20 Mar 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! English project on tobyfox.co.uk/thefox\
-NEW!!! Podcast recorded in London\
-Fixed some bugs pointed out by @Jess Boyce, thanks v much Jess!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 28 Feb 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Blogs page where I will do some blogging\
-Rearanged homepage with chat box on front screen\
-Uploaded geography project at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.serifwebresources.com/tobyfox.co.uk/thefox"}}{\fldrslt \ul /thefox}}\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 21 Feb 2011
\b0 \
-Updated home page bugs\
-Changed RADIO layout\
-NEW!!! Links pages\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 13 Feb 2011
\b0 \
-Changed RADIO layout\
-Added RADIO video\
-Changed VIP layout and background\
-Reupload Apps and Classified areas\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 1 Feb 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Welcome page\
-NEW!!! Animated logo\
-Removed the jingle on the home page\
-More app reviews\
\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 23 Jan 2011
\b0 \
-Fixed bugs\
-Added more directories\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 22 Jan 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Animated logo!\
-NEW!!! Welcome splash screen\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 16 Jan 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Completely new design!!!\
-Fixed rss feeds\
-Massive sight fixes\
-New Icon\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 9 Jan 2011
\b0 \
-Slightly improved layout\
-NEW!!! Background\
-NEW!!! Jingly featuring Dave Fox and Peter Dickson!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 1 Jan 2011
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Apps area including reviews!\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\i\b \cf0 -HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!!-
\i0\b0 \
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\b \cf0 \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 31 Dec 2010
\b0 \
-Huge bug fixes!\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\i\b \cf0 -MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!-
\i0\b0 \
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\b \cf0 \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 26 Dec 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Jingle featuring Peter Dickson\
-NEW!!! Shop items including brand new hoodies! Buy one if you want!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 24 Dec 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Unicorn labs logo on each page, visit unicornlabs.com!\
-NEW!!! Video, 'Globalisation' a fashion project\
\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 23 Dec 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Podcast feat.\'a0 my auntie from the states!\
-Rearanged radio page\
-Fixed bugs with the Classified area\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 18 Dec 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Classified section of my site with\
-Blog,\
-mii maker, and much more!\
-NEW!!! links page\
-Rearanged bannor\
-Removed the Forum. No one used it!\
-Improved my mobile site\
-Reorded some of my VIP games\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 15 Dec\'a02010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Special holiday podcast out now!\
-NEW!!! Game - 'Cooking mama twisted'\
-Updated the world tour map\
-Bug fixes on games page\
-Updated quote of the month\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 23 Nov 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Podcast no. 7 (world tour pt 2) is live!\
-Bug fixes\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 18 Nov 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Podcast #6 is now online!\
-Descriptions are also on the Radio page of each podcast\
-NEW!!! Map page for each world tour destination on my Radio\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 08 Nov 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Podcast no. 5 is out now!\
-My Radio has got better layout and links than before\
-Factfile now has Big/Little Toby in it!\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 03 Nov 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Podcast no. 4 is out now!\
-NEW!!! Extra game 'Mushroom Madness 2'\
-Redid my 'Cats' page, and uploaded\'a0 new photos of them\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 28 Oct 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! All games now on my VIP lounge\
-Bad links replaced\
\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 23 Oct 2010
\b0 \
-Minor bug fixes\
-NEW!!! Games in the VIP lounge have finally come!\
-NEW!!! FaceBook like box on the side colom of my VIP Lounge\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 20 Oct 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!!Podcast number 3 is out and on iTunes!\
-Bug fixes\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 15 Oct 2010
\b0 \
-Removed welcome screen\
NEW!!! Mobile Site link in top corner\
-Small jiggle around with icons on the top bannor\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 12 Oct 2010
\b0 \
-Bug fixes\
-Mobile version fits iPod/ iPhone screen perfect now\
NEW!!! Welcome screen!\
\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 08 Oct 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!! Toby Fox RADIO page, with podcasts and new logo\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 07 Oct 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Mobile version of the site\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 03 Oct 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Podcast no. 2 is here!\
-Updated 'Quote of the month'\
-NEW!!! Downloads are avalible on My VIP Extras!\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 24 Sept 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Extras page with a quiz and quote of the month\
-Certificate to print if you finish the quiz!\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 22 Sept 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! RSS Feeds and Podcasts!\
-The First ever podcast is availible now!\
-New jingle starts on loading of home page!\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 20 Sept 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Forum\
-Updatefd factfile\
-Perfected home page with shadow issues\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 19 Sept 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Factfile Flash\
-NEW!!! Factfile Page\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 18 Sept 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! VIP Lounge redo\
-NEW!!! Logo and VIP Lounge logo!\
-The games, Extras and Forum are coming soon so watch out for them!\
\'a0\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 07 Sept 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Complete site redo\
-More cats\
-VIP Lounge in development, so stay tuned!\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\i\b \cf0 -
\i0\b0 \

\i\b HUGE UPDATE COMING SOON, PLEASE WAIT
\i0\b0 \

\i\b -
\i0\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\b \cf0 \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 28 Jun 2010
\b0 \
-More games\
-Quote of the month\
-Changed VIP Lounge's wallpaper\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 02 Jun 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!!! Games\
-Quote of the month\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 14 May 2010
\b0 \
-Bug Fixes\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 13 May 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!! VIP Area\
-Replaced FanClub\
-Bug Fixes\
-Updated Entry\
-More Games\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 29 April 2010
\b0 \
-More games.\
-Updated 'Quote of the month'\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 27 April 2010
\b0 \
-More games.\
-Added more pages for some of the games\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 20 April 2010
\b0 \
-More games\
-Removed CAPTCHA security\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 05 April 2010
\b0 \
-Different login\
-The FanClub is back!\
*Old users please sign up again!\
-Competition changed again.\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 31 Mar 2010
\b0 \
-NEW!! Games\
-Updated Quote of the month\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 25 Mar 2010
\b0 \
-Bug fixes\
-Better logo / removed small one in corner\
-NEW!! Quote of the month\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 24 Mar 2010
\b0 \
-Changed fanpage background\
-NEW!! Logo on homepage\
-NEW!! Small logo on right hand corner\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 28 Feb 2010
\b0 \
-Fanpage has now got games, a competition and extra stuff\
-Some pages changed for competition\
-NEW!! Boarder/ Date info.\
-NEW!! Quote of the day!\
\'a0\

\b \ul UPDATE
\b0 \ulnone \

\b 25 Jan 2010
\b0 \
-FanClub removed\
-NEW!! Fanpage\
\

\b UPDATE
\b0 \

\b 1 Dec 2009
\b0 \
-NEW!!\'a0 FanClub entry Bug fixed\
-NEW!! Games!\
-NEW!! News Bannor\
}